{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 The 2-level controller is not working now, so here is my working 1-level controller model.\
\
When run the simulation, please add rc_init.m to the path, and run this file. Then we can simulate the model.\
\
The input bin reads data from a file. Segent & Segement1 are directly received the package from input bin so the estimated speed for these two belt is calculate by the function of rc_einPredect.m and rc_einPredict1.m.\
\
For the rest of the segments, the value of estimated speed is according to the previous belt\'92s speed. Here is the briefly description of the file.\
\
rc_init:	           The initialization function.\
rc_sysAct: 	The actual belt model.  \
rc_sysModel: The mathematical system model. It is a discrete time hybrid switching \
		 system model relating the next state to current state and input. The \
		 model can be multi-mode depending on the state and input values. \
rc_LLC:          Limited lookahead controller for each segment.\
rc_einPredict: Use to predict the belt speed.\
rc_switch_ : 	  The simple adding function to add the packages from different sources.\
rc_sysUtility:   The utility function use to calculate the minimum J function in order to decide which 		  next time speed we need to use.\
\
The local discrete time system is based on 1 second. \
In the base of 1-level controller system, I would like to design 2-level one. The 2-level controller is used to feedback each segment the scope of velocity to traverse. Since currently in 1-level for each controller, we need to traverse all possible value. The global controller collects the total data within 1 minutes per segment and feedback to them. In this case, I need to add a new timer. Since different segment start transferring the package at different time. I have trouble with set a timer for each segment and reset the timer per 1 minute. And of course I need to use a lot of temp buffer to store the data within 1 minute for each belt segment. I have no idea if there is any convenient way to store. \
}